# AGH University of Science and Technology
http://open.agh.edu.pl/course/view.php?id=97
# Funda Getulio Vargas - FGV Online
http://www5.fgv.br/fgvonline/CursosGratuitosFormulario.aspx?id_curso=OCWAJUEAD_00_01/2011_1
# Gunadarma University
http://ocw.gunadarma.ac.id/course/about
# Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health
http://ocw.jhsph.edu/courses/AdolHealthDev/?source=rss
# Kaplan University Online & Campus Learning
http://ocw.kaplan.edu/arts-and-sciences/academic-strategies
# Korea University
http://ocw.korea.edu/ocw/college-of-science/general-physics-i
# Kyoto Seika University
http://www.kyotomm.jp/event/exh/kyotomagic2012.php
# Kyushu University
http://ocw.kyushu-u.ac.jp/90901/0007/index.html
# Massachusetts Institute of Technology
http://ocw.mit.edu/courses/civil-and-environmental-engineering/1-00-introduction-to-computers-and-engineering-problem-solving-fall-2005
# MOSCOW ARCHITECTURAL INSTITUTE
http://www.open-marhi.ru/courses/detail/index.php?ID=6631
# National Cheng Kung University
http://yctrtrc.ncku.edu.tw/site2/newocwcourse/OCW_MAIN.php?cid=141
# National Chiao Tung University
http://ocw.nctu.edu.tw/riki_detail.php?pgid=335
# National Dong Hwa University
http://opencourse.ndhu.edu.tw/moodle/mod/forum/discuss.php?d=3
# New Jersey Institute of Technology
http://ocw.njit.edu/ocw/som/acct/acct-615-anandarajan/index.php
# Paris Tech
http://graduateschool.paristech.fr/cours.php?id=309132
# People's Open Access Education Initiative
http://www.peoples-uni.org/node/236
# Shahid Beheshti University
http://ocw.sbu.ac.ir/Default.aspx?tabid=5352&language=fa-IR
# Students Circle Network
http://studentscircle.net/live/2011/07/a-guide-before-learning-a-new-javascript-framework/
# Taipei Medical University
http://ocw.tmu.edu.tw:8080/eduCommons/general-education/53f28a1882076b7753f24eba72698a556790-shih-chi-analysis-on-historical-figures
# The Open University
http://openlearn.open.ac.uk/course/view.php?name=DD208_3
# The Open University of Israel
http://peer-news.blogspot.com/2011/12/2-10934.html
# Tokyo Institute of Technology
http://www.ocw.titech.ac.jp/index.php?module=General&Nendo=2012&action=T0300&GakubuCD=223&GakkaCD=224710&KougiCD=70030&Gakki=1&lang=EN
# TU Delft
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/tudelft/OCW/~3/0sA6qPQKcOg/bachelor-civiele-techniek
# Tufts University
http://ocw.tufts.edu/Course/39
# UNISUL - Universidade do Sul de Santa Catarina
http://labspace.open.ac.uk
# United Nations University
http://ocw.unu.edu/international-institute-for-software-technology/building-a-community-of-practice-for-electronic-governance
# Universidad Carlos III de Madrid
http://ocw.uc3m.es/ingenieria-electrica/accionamientos-electricos
# Universidad de Alicante
http://ocw.ua.es/Ciencias_Sociales_y_Juridicas/actividades-deportivas-medio-ambiente
# Universidad de Cantabria
http://ocw.unican.es/ciencias-de-la-salud/actuacion-en-situaciones-especiales
# Universidad de Granada
http://ocw.ugr.es/course/view.php?id=23&topic=1
# Universidad de Monterrey
http://ocw.udem.edu.mx/cursos-de-profesional/administracion-de-tecnologias-de-informacion
# Universidad de Murcia
http://ocw.um.es/cc.-sociales/actividad-fisica-en-el-envejecimiento
# Universidad de Oviedo
http://ocw.uniovi.es/course/view.php?id=28&ocw=1
# Universidad de Salamanca
http://ocw.usal.es/ciencias-sociales-1/curso-cero-matematicas-para-ciencias-sociales-nivelacion-de-conocimientos
# Universidad de Sevilla
http://ocwus.us.es/matematica-aplicada/pp-3
# Universidad de Zaragoza
http://ocw.unizar.es/ocw/ciencias-de-la-salud-1/actividades-fisicas-y-deportivas-aereas
# Universidad del Valle - Colombia
http://ocw.univalle.edu.co/ocw/ingenieria-electronica-telecomunicaciones-y-afines/arquitectura-de-procesos-industriales
# Universidad Estatal a Distancia
http://ocw.uned.ac.cr/eduCommons/ciencias-de-la-administracion/compras-y-almacenamiento
# Universidad Icesi
http://www.icesi.edu.co/ocw/tic/administracion_plataformas_y_seguridad
# Universidad Nacional de Educacion a Distancia
http://ocw.innova.uned.es/ocwuniversia/psicologia/analisis-de-datos-en-Psico-I
# Universidad Politica de Valencia
http://www.upv.es/ocwasi/2010/6842
# Universidad Politica Madrid
http://ocw.upm.es/ingenieria-cartografica-geodesica-y-fotogrametria/3d-scanning-and-modeling
# UNIVERSIDAD TECNICA PARTICULAR DE LOJA
http://ocw.utpl.edu.ec/economia
# Universitat Auta de Barcelona
http://ocw.uab.cat/enginyeries/apunts-de-calcul-matricial-i-resolucio-de-sistemes
# Universitat de Barcelona
http://ocw.ub.edu/admistracio-i-direccio-dempreses
# Universitat de les Illes Balears
http://ocw.uib.es/ocw/infermeria/atencion-de-enfermeria-frente-situaciones-de
# Universitat de Lleida
http://ocw.udl.cat/arts-i-humanitats
# Universitat de Valia
http://ocw.uv.es/ciencias-sociales-y-juridicas/2-2
# Universitat Jaume I
http://e-ujier.uji.es/pls/www/!gri_www.euji22101?p_id=15&p_tipo=A&p_curso=IG23&p_idioma=CA
# Universitat Oberta de Catalunya
http://ocw.uoc.edu/informatica-tecnologia-i-multimedia/administracio-avancada-del-sistema-operatiu-gnu-linux
# Universiti Teknologi Malaysia
http://ocw.utm.my/course/view.php?id=90
# University of California, Irvine
http://ocw.uci.edu/courses/course.aspx?id=113
# University of Cape Town
http://opencontent.uct.ac.za/Centre-for-Higher-Education-Development/Centre-for-Open-Learning/A-developmental-state-The-challenge-ahead
# University of Massachusetts Boston
http://ocw.umb.edu:8080/eduCommons/about
# University of Michigan
http://open.umich.edu/education/med/oernetwork/med/em/aetc-redirect/2009
# University of Notre Dame
http://ocw.nd.edu/history/african-american-history-ii
# University of Sumatera Utara
http://ocw.usu.ac.id/course/detail/teknik-sipil-s1/4110000007-struktur-bangunan-sipil-i.html
# University of Tsukuba
http://ocw.tsukuba.ac.jp/6570740672698cea79d15b6678147a7679d130fb65705b665c02653b/66f87c4d7d394ecb
